# Welcome to a New Age

In a state of regrowth, the world is blossoming with unexplored lands and terrifying secrets. Humanity has begun to reshape the land into something familiar to them. Cities and tribes all forming and creating places for them to live, eat, and survive. Survival however is not certain, the ancient ones greatest sin makes sure of that. The world is plagued by monsters. Beings whose very existence defies all logic and reason. Because of this, humanity lives in fear. Humanity huddles in caves and around small fires, fearful of the things that they don't understand. It is more than explaining why the sun came up, it is the mystery of enormous birds with heads of men and rocks that came to life. Despite the fear and constant tragedy, humanity has hope. They all remember the ancient ones.

The ancient ones not only dealth with these monstrosities, but also developed ways to fight against them. Utilizing the monsters' own reality defying powers they were able to develop techniques to fight back. Creating Faumel objects or allowing themselves to use the very art of magic, they fought back and even contained these beasts. However, that does not overshadow their greatest sin. On the judgment day they were given a decision, one that would decide the fate of Humanity as a whole, and filled with their foolish pride, they made the wrong decision. In the end all the monsters broke free, grouping together and forming greater monsters than the ancient ones could deal with. Then the 10 saviors showed themselves and saved Humanity at the cost of the world.